Design notes: Nether is considered a primary mining dimension, and somewhere that can be mined relatively early.
Design notes: The End can maybe be conisdered higher accessibility than usual. Will probably not have the Dragon automatically spawn, and make it more a normal dimension to allow "desynched" play better.
Design notes: The Twilight Forest is similarly considered a "main" dimension. Maybe disable progression, tbh? That can be annoying for using it as a main world.
Design notes: Alfheim is a "special" dimension that should not be considered for distributing ores

[ Overworld (10 ores) ]
Common: Coal, Iron, Copper
Uncommon: Gold, Redstone, Tin, Zinc
Rare: Lapis, Diamond, Geode
Trace: Dimensional Shards, Rock Crystal, Emerald

[ Nether (8 ores) ]
Common: Quartz, Gold, Sulfur
Uncommon: Lapis, Cobalt, Crimson Iron
Rare: Uranium, Geode
Trace: Dimensional Shards

[ End (8 ores) ]
Common: Thallasium, Azure Silver, Osmium
Uncommon: Zinc, Arcane Gem, Silver
Rare: Fluorite, Emerald, Geode
Trace: Dimensional Shards, Rock Crystal

[ Twilight Forest (9 ores) ]
Common: Coal, Iron, Nickel
Uncommon: Lead, Osmium, Arcane Gem
Rare: Diamond, Silver, Geode
Trace: Dimensional Shards, Rock Crystal, (Lots of stuff in hills)

[ Alfheim ]
Common: Elementium, Gold
Uncommon: Dragonstone, Fey Gem

[ Removal/Replacement Notes ]
Aluminum is replaced with Tin/Nickel/Gold depending on context. (done)
Cinnabar is replaced with Fluorite.
Draconium is a drop from dragons and probably some ore of Azure Silver.
Prosperity Ore is replaced with a recipe from smelting salt.
Soulium should be similarly replaced with something commonish to the Nether.
Ender Ore should be replaced with some other material, most likely.
All Silent's Gems ores are replaced with a single Geode ore that drops random types
Apatite should probably be replaced as well - Its uses are pretty narrow.
Figure out how to replace the two BetterEnd ores that don't really do anything.
Chaos Crystals should be replaced, or droped from Geodes at an acceptable rate.
Ender Essence is replaced with Aurora Crystals from Better End.
Inert Crystal Ore is replaced with a Salt>Inert Crystal smelting recipe.

Take care of the unique End trace ores. Maybe they don't need to be replaced?? (BetterEnd mod)
Anthracite and Lignite are somewhat redundant with Coal. Candidates for removal for simplicity.
Infernium Ore is just removed. Mobs drop this stuff already.

[ "Treasure" Ores ]
Biome specific: Ametrine, Pendorite, Emeraldite
Stalwart Dungeons: Tungsten, Chorundum
Astral Sorcery: Starmetal
